The villagers are now setting up a tent.
They want to praise the village.
They are going to look at the village from the side.
Before setting up the tent, they are standing still.
They are entering the village while changing direction.
They are going to put a lot of things in the tent.
Correct answers!
That is correct.
aan
privileged
t
municipality
Mr. Takamura, please take care of the sea.
Mr. Ichikawa, Mr. Ichikawa, please take care of the sea.
Mr. Kanako, please take care of the mountains.
Mr. Ichikawa, please take care of the mountains.
Mr. Takamura, please take care of the sea.
Mr. Ayanami, please take care of the mountains.
Mr. Himawari will be coming back as much as ever,
except for today.
It's true that after 10 months,
algorithms are also getting going!
I'm not a good person.
What's going on?
Where are you?
It's not a good idea to play games.
What's going on?
You'll join us, will you, only if we want to please you two this much.
Oh good grief, properly reprimanded me later.
Mauemon
New Year's Day
Thank you for watching!